Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#13530)
oppia/oppia: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Proof that changes are correct

<!--

> Add videos/screenshots of the user-facing interface to demonstrate that the changes made in this PR work correctly. Provide videos/screenshots of the page in various display sizes (mainly phone, tablet and regular PC display size).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add videos/screenshots of the user-facing interface in various display sizes (mainly phone, tablet, and desktop display size) to demonstrate that the changes made in this PR work correctly.
```

Author: Done.
